# Generate data based on a symbol-level simulation using mmwComm

## Overview
This project generates a dataset based on a single-input multi-output (SIMO) system at millimeter-wave (mmWave) and terahertz (THz) frequencies. The system contains realistic models of RF front-end (RFFE) components for the receiver.

## Files
The project contains the following MATLAB scripts, classes, and data:
- ```Rx.m```: This is the receiver simulation class. For a given RFFE configuration measures the output SNR at different receive input signal power levels.
- ```Chan.m```: This class creates a random i.i.d. channel.
- ```Tx.m```: This class creates a transmitter that generates random i.i.d. data.
- ``createDataset.m``: This is the main simulation script. For each RFFE configuration creates a simulation object. Based on the data generated by the simulation, creates a mathematical model for characterizing the performance. The simulation data and model are saved in *.csv* files.
- ```MultiInput.m```: This class replicates a MATLAB system object with multiple inputs.
- ```rffe_140GHz.mat```: This file contains the RFFE models for 140 GHz.

## Dependencies
This project is developed and tested on MATLAB R2021a. The project depends on the following toolbox and packages:
- Simulink
- Communications Toolbox
- Statistics and Machine Learning Toolbox
- mmwComm Package

## Acknowledgements
The detailed simulation models of the RFFE components have been developed by:
- Navid Hosseinzadeh, University of California Santa Barbara (UCSB)
- James F. Buckwalter, University of California Santa Barbara (UCSB)